
Modules - Notebook 1
1. Types of Cloud Computing
2. IAM
3. Elastic Compute Cloud(EC2)
4. EC2 Instance Storage
5. ELB and ASG

Modules - Notebook 2
1. S3
2. Databases and Analytics
3. ECS, Lambda, Batch
4. Deployment and Managing Infrastructure

Modules - Notebook 3
1. Global Infrastructure
2. Cloud Integrations
3. Cloud Monitoring
4. VPC and Networking

Modules - Notebook 4
1. Security and Compilance
2. Account Managment, Billing and Support
3. Advanced Identity
4. Other Services

Using a AWS over on-premises: lower upfront costs and lower variable costs
Amazon Comprehend is a NLP processing serviece, it derives meaning from textual information
Amzon Textract used to extract printed text, handwriting data from virtually any document.
Amazon Monitron It used to detect abnormal machine behaviour and enables you to implement predictive maintenance
Amazon workDocs It used for document collaboration, much like Google Docs and office 365 Word.
Amazon Pinpoint : AWS Digital User Engagement srevice that enables customers communicate with end users(sms, email and push 
notifications)

AWS Step functions: To co-ordinate multiple AWS services into serverless workflows.
AWS lambda: To coordinate single aws services into serverless workflows

Bastion Host It used to provide access to a private network from an external network using internet
but you cannot manage AWS services using a Bastion Host.

AWS Partners Network(APN) comes with APN Consuting partners and APN Technology partners
Consulting Partners: Professional services firms that helps customers of all size design, arcitect, migrate and build aplications on AWS
Technology Partners: Software solutions that are either hosted on or Integrated with AWS platform.

AWS Professional Services: It shares a collection of offerings to help you achieve specific outcomes related to enterprose cloud adoption.
AWS Concierge: team composed of AWS billing and account experts that specialize in working with enterprise accounts.

Customer Responsibility : Customer data, platform, applications, Identity and Access Management
Operating systems, Network and Firewall configuration.
Client side Data Encryption and Data Integrity, Server side Encryption, Network traffic protection


AWS Responsibility: Compute, Storage, Database and Networking
AWS Global Infrastructure(Availability Zones, Regios, Edge locations) 

Global service - IAM, Route53, CloudFront and WAF
Regions service - EBS, AWS Batch, RDS, Dynamo DB, EFS (means Multi az)
Zonal service - EC2, and EBS Volumes


Amazon Rekognition: It enables you to search, verify and organize million of images 
http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data


Permitted services --- Peneteration testing
EC2 Instances, NAT Gateways, and ELB
RDS, CloudFront, Aurora, API Gateways, Lambda and Lambda Edge locations
Lightsail Enviornments and Elastic Beanstalk Enviornment
Prohibited --- peneteration testing
DNS Zone via Route53
DDos, port flooding, protocal flooding, and request flooding

--- Moving servers from On-premises to Cloud -----
Capital expense is traded for variable expense
Benefit from massive economies of scale
Stop guessing capacity
Increasing speed and agility
Go global in minutes
